To them, he was the superbeing who'd reduced our moon to rubble
then announced he'd do the same to Earth by next March. To us, he was Korosensei.
He had a ten-billion-yen bounty on his head.
And we at Class 3-E, the misfits of Kunugigaoka Junior High School known as the End Class,
were tasked with assassinating him.
Even though we managed to identify some of his weak points before summer vacation,
Korosensei's Weak Point #23:
Can't swim Korosensei's Weak Point #14:
Prone to dampness Korosensei's Weak Point #2:
Loses his composure rather easily
Korosensei's Weak Point #4:
Punches like a wet sponge Korosensei's Weak Point #8:
Prone to motion sickness
Korosensei's Weak Point #16:
Vulnerable after molting Vulnerable after molting
we haven't landed on a definitive assassination so far.
Korosensei's Weak Point #17:
Vulnerable after regeneration
In Class 3-E, the assassination classroom,
as our second term descends on us,
the bell signals the start of another school day.
m -481 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -515 36
You're all I think about You're all I think about
m -10 -36 l 636 -36 602 36 -10 36
kimi no koto bakari omotteru
m -843 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -877 36
I'm starting to lose sight of everything else
m -10 -36 l 651 -36 617 36 -10 36
hoka no koto mienaku natteru
m -695 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -729 36
I'll win your heart for sure, I swear
m -10 -36 l 767 -36 733 36 -10 36
kanarazu sono haato itomeru chikau
m -993 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1027 36
The stuff they say about me? That's ancient history
m -10 -36 l 618 -36 584 36 -10 36
iketenai no wa furui hanashi
m -625 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -659 36
I've spared no effort since then
m -10 -36 l 745 -36 711 36 -10 36
oshimanu doryoku wo shitan da shi
m -993 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1027 36
And overcome all the challenges that came my way
m -10 -36 l 749 -36 715 36 -10 36
muchaburi mo kuria shite kita hazu
m -483 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -517 36
I can do it, I know I can I can do it, I know I can
m -10 -36 l 457 -36 423 36 -10 36
ikeru jishin michiru ikeru jishin michiru
m -858 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -892 36
But just when I'm about to get carried away
m -10 -36 l 506 -36 472 36 -10 36
choushizuita sono toki choushizuita sono toki
m -780 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -814 36
I get knocked down like this every time
m -10 -36 l 975 -36 941 36 -10 36
itsu datte kou yatte tsukiotosarete shimau no sa
m -722 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -756 36
Your scathing, serious voice cuts me
m -10 -36 l 1053 -36 1019 36 -10 36
shinratsu de shiriasu na kimi no koe ga sasatte kuru
m -1195 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1229 36
Thousands, tens of thousand of times I've given form to my feelings
m -10 -36 l 1111 -36 1077 36 -10 36
nanzenkai nanmankai boku no kimochi katachi ni shite
m -1152 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1186 36
I've driven them, thrown them in, but all you do is run away
m -10 -36 l 1069 -36 1035 36 -10 36
uchikonde nagekonde dakedo kimi wa nigeteku dake
m -509 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -543 36
Question, question: what Question, question: what
m -10 -36 l 585 -36 551 36 -10 36
question question boku wa question question boku wa
m -574 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -608 36
Question, question: on earth
m -10 -36 l 505 -36 471 36 -10 36
question question ittai question question ittai
m -501 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -535 36
Question, question: did I Question, question: did I
m -10 -36 l 569 -36 535 36 -10 36
question question kimi no question question kimi no
m -614 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -648 36
Ever know about you anyway?
m -10 -36 l 466 -36 432 36 -10 36
nani wo shitte ita no nani wo shitte ita no Difficulty
Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty
Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin
Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin
Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past
Past Future Future Future Future Future Future Future
Future Future Future Future Future Future Future Truth
Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth
Truth Truth Truth Truth Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Death Death
Death Death Death Death Death Death Death Death Death
Death Death Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence
Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence
Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion
Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment
Punishment Punishment Punishment
m -494 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -528 36
Question, question: why Question, question: why
m -10 -36 l 589 -36 555 36 -10 36
question question doushite question question doushite
m -485 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -519 36
Question, question: is it Question, question: is it
m -10 -36 l 575 -36 541 36 -10 36
question question kimi wa question question kimi wa
m -557 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -591 36
Question, question: you are Question, question: you are
m -10 -36 l 592 -36 558 36 -10 36
question question konna ni question question konna ni
Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment
Punishment Punishment Punishment
m -587 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -621 36
So close and yet so far away?
m -10 -36 l 532 -36 498 36 -10 36
chikakute tooi no darou chikakute tooi no darou Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past
Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past
Past Past Past
1st Period Maehara Hiroto Summer Festival Time
It was the last day of our special summer camp.
The last day of our assassination vacation.
We were making the most of what was left of our time on the island.
A test of courage? Now?
Indeed! What better activity for a midsummer night?
You just want to have some fun.
Unlike you guys,
I've been cooped up in a shell this whole time!
On a tropical isle, no less!
A test of courage? Sounds like fun!
Right?
But I don't like scary stuff.
No sweat! Korosensei'll be playing the ghosts.
Oh, right!
We had no idea at the time
that our teacher had another, baser goal in mind.
Matchmaking!!
We'll hold it in this sea cave.
Walk through to the exit in pairs: one boy, one girl.
Do you mind this kind of thing, Nagisa?
Well, I can probably handle creepy stuff, but I'm not much for jump scares.
Korosensei's so fast that he could scare the pants off me if he really wanted to.
Is that an Okinawan banjo?
There he is!
This is a blood-drenched cave of tragedy...
where Ryukyu royalty, defeated in battle, met a violent end.
Is it really?
He probably just made it up to make it feel more real.
You must stay together.
Wandering spirits will haunt to death anyone left alone!
Th-This is sounding pretty authentic.
Let's hurry through, Nagisa.
Uh-huh.
This is a blood-drenched cave of tragedy...
Hearing him tell the same story to the next couple
where Ryukyu royalty, defeated in battle...
makes it feel very real, all right.
You've all grown so much stronger.
But you're still missing a little something.
And that is... Matchmaking!!
Matchmaking!!
A love scandal!
I figured a few couples would have formed by summertime,
but you're so focused on assassination that there hasn't been a single love affair!
Here's where I use fear to give you a little push together.
Then I can tease you... or write a based on-a-true-story novel!
Such is your teacher's generous consideration!
Korosensei's Weak Point #12:
Loves gossip
Fear of what doesn't inspire fear?
Yep. When I saw Nagisa-kun just then?
Honestly, I was shocked.
Not when he beat Takaoka. After that.
I didn't find him the slightest bit threatening.
I mean, in a fight, I'd win for sure.
But to an assassin, that kind of victory doesn't mean squat.
That's when I first realized
what doesn't inspire fear should be feared the most.
Still... I won't lose.
I'll be the one to take that teacher's life.
Uh-huh! Can't wait to see who ends up killing him.
By the way... The Famous Ryukyu
The Famous Ryukyu Twister Game
Twister Game The Famous Ryukyu
Twister Game
Wasn't this supposed to be a test of courage?
The Famous Ryukyu The Famous Ryukyu
Twister Game Twister Game
'Cause it looks to me like he's got something stupid up his sleeve.
These couples just aren't coming together. The next one, for sure!
This is a blood-drenched cave of tragedy... where Ryukyu—
It's a monster!
I've been spooking out people on the streets at night since I was a kid.
They call me Miss Courage Tester of Japan.
Well, uh... As long as you're havin' fun.
Wh-What was that ghost I just saw?
Korosensei's Weak Point #24:
Spooked by the supernatural, as you'd think
Not the actual spirit of an actual Ryukyu ruler!
No eyes!
m 62 362 l 266 362 266 608 62 608
His own konjac contraption
I just felt something slithery!
A Japanese doll?!
The great cartoonist Mizuki Shigeru!
Turns out he's enjoying the frights more than any of us.
Let's just get out of here.
What a disgrace. What a total disgrace.
So you wanted to use the suspension-bridge effect to frighten couples together?
We saw right through you before you even scared us!
B-But I so wanted to see you all!
I wanted to grin at you holding hands and blushing, two by two!
Then I'd pop up and go, "Hey, students shouldn't hook up!"
He's sobbing with frustration.
What a shabby grown-up.
Never mind that stuff.
Most kids our age don't want to be dragged into a love affair.
We're not all as sleazy as you.
All right, Nakamura-san. I get it.
You call that a test of courage? There was nobody in there!
What a waste of fear!
I told you there was no point clinging to me like that.
I don't need that kind of baggage after an all-nighter.
Shut up! You're a man, aren't you?
If there's a pretty woman around, it's your job to escort her nicely!
Say... I'm starting to wonder... Is Bitch-sensei...?
Uh-huh.
What should we do?
We've still got some time before we go home tomorrow morning.
Shall we push them together?
So much for not being sleazy.
And so our final operation was underway.
Ugh! That does it!
How dense can one man be?
This isn't like you. You used to wrap men around your little finger.
When it comes to actual love, you're still inexperienced.
Love?
Don't make me laugh.
What, it's not love?
It was a challenge! You don't see many people as stuffy as him!
So I got all worked up, trying to get him to fall for me,
and before I knew it, I...
That was kinda cute.
It feels a little humiliating.
What? Why?
Bitch-sensei is more awkward than she appears.
All her experience must get in the way of being true to her emotions.
Just leave it to us!
We'll set the perfect stage for you two!
Good idea!
You kids... Karasuma + Irina Pair-up Plan
Karasuma + Irina Pair-up Plan
Let the Class 3-E love consultant meeting come to order!
Karasuma + Irina Pair-up Plan Eager much, octopus?
It's only natural to support a colleague in love.
A female teacher's days of desire, infatuated with a man...
It's got the makings of a bittersweet pure-romance novel!
You're clearly planning something racier.
First off, Bitch-sensei, you dress all wrong.
Totally. "If it's revealing, it's appealing"?
That's not what a traditional Japanese guy like Karasuma-sensei likes.
You've got to be more neatly dressed.
Neatly dressed, eh?
Yeah, like... Kanzaki-chan.
If your outfit from yesterday is dry, could you lend it to her?
Yeah, sure.
See? One piece of clothing and you're nice and...
H-How'd that make her sexier?!
For starters, the fit's completely off.
When I think of Kanzaki-san wearing something sexy like that... Whoo-hoo!
Well, whatever. We can't fix the sexy.
Compatibility is more important than boobs!
Does anyone know Karasuma-sensei's type?
Oh! He couldn't stop talking about that one person in that TV commercial.
Said she was his ideal type.
Now, there's a good one.
Expression, figure... both ideal.
And there are three of them!
Ideal military potential, he meant!
Th-Then how about cooking for him?
The hotel's dinners are plenty grand,
but why not have his favorite dish together, just the two of you?
I've only ever seen him eat burgers and cup ramen.
That'll just make the two of them look like outcasts.
There's not a single opening we can use to get you together!
I'm starting to think Karasuma-sensei's the problem here.
Right? Right?
And he brushes off my jokes so coldly!
With no options left, we began dissing Karasuma-sensei.
Let's just do what we can before dinner.
The girls will assist with the styling,
while the boys will get the mood just right at the table.
Roger!
I thought we'd be eating as a group.
What's all this?
No seats left for you, Karasuma-sensei.
These are the teacher exclusion tactics Class E is known for!
You lot just get in the way.
Feel free to go eat outside instead.
Where'd that come from?
I just don't understand what goes through junior-high students' heads these days.
Why were we the only ones kicked out?
Oh, uh... Beats me.
What's with the shawl?
I bought it at a shop, borrowed a sewing machine,
and modified it into a brand-name lookalike based off online photos.
Home ec always was your specialty.
The field is set.
Go get him, Bitch-sensei!
This shawl...
It'd never fly in high society.
And this table setting? Clearly the work of an amateur.
This is worlds apart from the top-class establishments I'd use professionally.
Plus, do they have to watch? So much for privacy.
And yet...
What do you know? This is fun!
I kinda love you kids! Just a little.
I'm going to do this!
I'll take down this stick-in-the-mud, just you watch!
A lot's happened on this trip.
But it was certainly worth it.
The students demonstrated their mastery of the fundamentals, albeit in unexpected ways.
If we keep this up, we're sure to kill him during the second term.
I'll be counting on you too, Irina.
What is it?
Say, Karasuma...
Do you really know what it means to kill?
Well, that got somber fast.
And look how you've just shoved in that napkin.
I like you, Karasuma. Good night.
Stupid, stupid, stupid! Why don't you just drop dead?!
You were supposed to tell him you love him, not talk about killing!
Reveal killings Reveal killings Reveal feelings
Reveal feelings What kind of half-assed kiss was that?
Use your tongue, your tongue! Like you always do!
You bothersome brats! Grown-ups have grown-up circumstances!
It's okay. Now she'll take her time to work on some decently indecent developments. Right?
No, not "right," you octoperv!
I won't give this too much thought.
After all, that's my duty.
Prepare yourself.
The second term is when we'll train even harder.
When we'll kill you.
And so, our assassination vacation finally came to a close.
But what was that at the end there?
Was she practicing a new move? Impressive.
Karasuma-sensei's Weak Point #1:
Denser than a neutron star
Assassination Classroom Second Season Shiota Nagisa
There we were, all spending the last day of summer in our own ways.
Traditional Edo-Style Sushi-Go-Round
Getting along with Mom all right?
Must be tough when she's so strict.
I feel bad for practically bailing on you.
It's okay. She's not so strict if you don't tick her off.
I see.
But anyway, I—
Summer Festival!!
m 168 660 l 193 713 223 700 253 690 280 681 307 675 335 671 364 668 400 671 402 615 379 614 348 614 326 614 296 618 261 627 229 635
If you're free at 7 tonight, meet at Kunugigaoka Station!!
What is it? Why'd you clam up?
m e e t a t K u n u g i g a o k a S t a t i o n !
!
I f y o u '
r e f r e e a t 7
t o n i g h t ,
m 322 548 l 395 749 484 710 553 690 611 675 660 662 708 652 767 642 815 634 856 629 904 626 953 624 1003 626 1042 629 1090 634 1133 640 1149 446 1093 436 1026 428 968 425 899 423 833 428 744 438 668 448 592 461 528 476 446 499
A summer festival?
It's the last day of summer vacation! Let's hang out and have some mindless fun!
Let's hang out and have some mindless fun!
It's the last day of summer vacation!
Thanks!
Hey, uh, thanks for the sushi, Dad!
Huh? Wait, you're done already?
There's something I need to do.
See you! Take care of yourself and all that!
Glad to see you've cheered up, Nagisa.
Huh?
A festival?
Summer Festival!!
m 753 602 l 772 660 800 650 838 640 868 634 898 630 922 628 942 628 982 634 990 577 968 573 936 569 904 569 872 572 854 574 832 578
m e e t a t I f y o u '
r e f r e e a t K u n u g i g a o k a S t a t i o n !
!
t o n i g h t Summer Festival!!
t o n i g h t
I just thought of it today. I'm asking everyone in class!
So many of them have begged off with other plans that I'm feeling hurt.
t o n i g h t
Well...
All right.
I was just lazing around anyway.
A festival, eh?
I'm pleased my target would think to invite me,
but I'm afraid I'm out of Japan on another job at the moment.
I'll come pick you up!
Karasuma-sensei's in a meeting or something—no one'll be there!
Korosensei's Weak Point #25:
Thinks a poor turnout means he's worthless
Don't be silly. I'm working.
Well, all right. Come by and kill me anytime, okay?
But of course.
From what Karasuma's told me,
that boy pulled off the secret move I taught him with no difficulty at all.
Every country has its prodigies.
His talent's wasted on Japan, though.
From the moment you were born,
I've always been at your side.
Fear not the name of the Reaper.
We got a real good deal!
Yeah!
It's so fizzy!
A bigger turnout than I expected! Excellent, excellent.
If no one showed up, I really might have offed myself.
I guess we shouldn't have come, then.
Chiba-kun and Hayami-san? Why so glum?
We got banned from the shooting gallery.
It was too easy. We got carried away.
What am I gonna do with these?
Hey, mister...
I spent five thousand yen and never got any better than fifth place.
Going by the number of strings and prizes left,
the probability of never getting fourth-place or above is...
Wow! 0.05 percent!
Are any of these strings a winner?
Maybe I ought to get a police officer over here to check!
All right, all right!
You can have your money back. Just keep your mouth shut, kid!
No, no, no. I didn't spend five thousand yen to just get my money back.
I want a game console!
Karma-kun sure is persistent.
He must've figured from the start that none of 'em were big winners.
There you go again, Isogai. Is there anything you can't do?
There's a knack to it. It's a lot like slicing with a knife.
That'll do.
When you're poor, getting a whole meal for a hundred yen is a godsend.
Right.
I could grill them, stir-fry them, deep-fry them...
What? He's gonna eat those?
Everyone's really raking it in, huh?
Yeah. We're putting the subtleties of our assassination skills to work.
And Bitch-sensei is in the Chamber of Commerce tent, making everyone buy her drinks.
Where's Korosensei?
He's always short on money around the end of the month, so...
He's running food stalls?!
And he keeps branching out, too.
He's moving into stalls that closed up early after our class milked them dry.
I get it. So we unwittingly helped him earn his spending money.
Wow!
Nice!
What a beauty!
Our summer break sure was packed.
Yeah.
But I bet our second term'll be even more packed.
If one person kills him, the ten-billion-yen bounty stands.
But given the summer report
indicating that group tactics had him cornered,
a successful group assassination will reap a greater reward:
Extremely Dangerous and Destuctive Creature
Assassination Wanted Assassination Wanted Max Reward:
Max Reward:
an increased total bounty of thirty billion yen.
Assassination Wanted Assassination Wanted
The one thing we knew for sure in this classroom
was that neither we nor Korosensei would be the same when it was all over.
Sure enough, our second term had started off with a bang.
The moon that floats in the night sky
yozora ni oyogu tsuki datte yozora ni oyogu tsuki datte
If you stretch out your hand, you can reach it
te wo nobaseba todoku no te wo nobaseba todoku no
I went to touch it: it was warm
sotto furete mita atatakakute And slowly drew me in
And slowly drew me in jinwari suikomareta
jinwari suikomareta
The multiplying footprints, the view from my window
fueteku ashiato mado kara miru keshiki mo
As I drifted along, expressionless
muhyoujou ni nagare nagara muhyoujou ni nagare nagara
They spilled out of my hands ryoute kara koborete yuku
ryoute kara koborete yuku
It was rocking, swaying... I never knew
yurayura yureteta shirazu ni ita
Until I touched it with my own hands
kono te de furete miru made kono te de furete miru made
I want to gather up and go through all of the things
kaketa tsuki no shita chirabatta mono
Scattered beneath the waning moon
hiroiatsumete tashikametai sono subete wo